hi everybody MC fructose here AKA games
Rafi I'm walking around Chicago today
and I realize how easy it is to be vegan
nowadays I'm some first of all we got
this vegetarian starter kit that's free
you pick up the Chicago Tribune or
something you can also get your first
vegetarian starter kit some people are
confused about the difference between a
vegetarian and a vegan personal opinion
is a vegetarian but a vegetarian is not
necessarily some vegetarians are
ovo-lacto vegetarians which means they
eat dairy and eggs a vegan is a strict
vegetarian it consumes no animal
products so check this out just a few
blocks away from that vegetarian starter
kit you see the vegetarian expressed
this place is a full lacto vegetarian
restaurant they serve eggs and dairy
with no meat you can see you can get a
soy chicken sandwich
eat on a standard American diet just a
vegan alternative is just a few blocks
away we find another 3 vegetarian
starter kit this is a great location for
it because there's a lot of foot traffic
here we're right down the street from
the train right outside of starbucks to
great place i bet they go through a lot
of these
so a lot of people are scared or worried
about starting a vegan diet because
they're concerned that they won't get
proper nutrition they don't eat animals
they think that animal dead animals
equals protein the truth is that protein
is in all foods and as long as you eat a
variety of fruits and vegetables nuts
and seeds and you eat enough calories
you'll get all the amino acids you need
to build strong healthy muscles and live
a long productive life coming up on
another vegetarian restaurant actually
this place is one hundred percent vegan
it's kind of like the vegan fast-food
alternative because you can get burgers
and fries they have a thing called the
Oklahoma bacon cheeseburger or a
scorpion burger just really delicious
stuff if you're looking for that great
transitional food for somebody who's
coming from a meet standard American
diet to a vegan compassionate lifestyle
Here I am at the world famous chicago
diner meet
this place is amazing when I first moved
to Chicago as a vegetarian this is my
favorite restaurant hands down you can
get buffalo wings sandwich best books
I've ever tasted in my life vegan or
otherwise people are cooking a milkshake
oh my god I don't eat this mode anymore
but I do recommend it for people who are
true transition or giving up in products
and they want to try something other
than eating a meat burger you come here
and eat a BBQ bacon cheeseburger it's
delicious now this restaurant is also
ovo-lacto vegetarian but everything on
the menu can be made vegan and they have
a bakery all of the bakery items are
100-percent vegan and they sell them
regionally throughout the Midwest at
Whole Foods Markets notice this way
p some place called 50 but they offer
vegan and gluten
so even though they serve animal
carcasses bovine memory secretions
have options
you want to find vegan shopping and
restaurants in your neighborhood go to
happy cow net you can search by city
state region or even country i typed in
chicago illinois and i got 155 listings
the places i took you to today they're
just walking distance from each other a
lot of people think that a vegan diet is
really expensive and it is to eat out at
restaurants all the time but I eat a
low-fat high-carbohydrate raw vegan diet
it is the optimal diet for the human
species I do it for about seven to ten
dollars a day these are organic bananas
I have 40 pounds for seventeen dollars
at the wholesale market horny mangoes
are six dollars we got watermelons these
were 39 cents a pound a pipe of
blueberries 69 cents each I got organic
strawberries 98 cents for 16 ounces also
got coconut these were 12 for 20 dollarz
alright so there you have it it's super
easy to be vegan nowadays thanks
everybody for watching please put a
thumbs up on this video comment down
below and share this video with your
friends also have an awesome day oh yeah
MC fructose